Come form tao in vietnam,
cold by the sea.
By the end of the war in south vietnam,
our lives have changed.
In nineteen seventy eight,
i got married and in nineteen seventy nine
my daughter queen ty was born.
I love her very much and i wanted a better life
for my daughter.
So in nineteen ninety i escape from vietnam
in a small but i might this dangerous
journey with my baby.
Good our boat what?
By private and start sinking in
malaysia water's so they let us in
tow.
Refugee came.
We arrived in australia in nineteen eighty one.
I tried very hard.
Toh ek stepped let's myself and take
care of my daughter in our new country
in nineteen eighty three,
my son ho tie wass born.
It was tough for me at this time
learning a new language,
adapting to a different culture and
raising two young children without family support.
It's wass at this time that my marriage
was breaking down as well.
Australia has give me a good chance
to build a happy life for my and my
children.
I have a herding job as a community
development water and had ever start a
catering business at the neighborhood house.
I have become a good cook.
My work mice have support and helped
may throughout my journey.
And i thank them.
Everything i have done.
No matter how hard i have done for my
children,
they keep me morty.
Right?
And i love them.
I can't believe where this johnny had brought me
today.
I am very proud of my family's our
achievements peace a medical saigo
no so the
saigo.
No.
Wo the eyes out of my way.
So,
conde yuki,
name some junk.
I you know.
Good chinmoy.
Always so damned.
Sango!
No,
no bianca gone truncheon.
Nice.
Ah,
mogul not blowing,
leaving moto.